#13
0	1	1	Player Instructions: If you want to go left, type "L". If you want to go right, type "R". If you want to heal your Pokemons, type "H". If you want to exit, type "X". During your story, there might be encounters. Keep in mind that after your battle is over, you will still have to react (type something) to the latest thing I (the narrator) told you. Anyway... Type (R) or (L) to continue...
1	2	12	You live in a peaceful village called Shelbyville. Your family is well-known for it's bravery and for it's long-long history of dealing with the ancient creatures, called Pokemons. One day (to be extremely precise: today), you woke up to the sound of unimaginable horror. Your village was on fire, the cattle were slaughtered, and the only thing you found was your bag with your favourite pokemons in it, and a note on it's side. "We have your family. Come attend the Arena in Dhirim, and you might find your loved ones alive". However you know, that the road dangerous, and since they didn't take your nintendo, you might aswell just lay back, relax, play a better Pokemon game or something. (R) To help your family, and go in a dangerous mission to reclaim what is yours or (L) to do what you always do in your life: lose.
2	3	5	There are several ways to get to Dhirim, but the most ambitious one is through the Calico Desert. It is well-known for it's pokemon-eating monsters, and thus it is well-known for it's population aswell, which is approximatelly zero. However, there is another road, through the Elwynn Forest, which has no pokemon eating monsters but pokemons, who are also dangerous. You decide to: (R) Go through the desert (L) Go through the forest.
3	12	4	It is hot, shiny, horrific, etc. I think you made a terrible choice, but who cares, i'm just the narrator, I shouldn't even have an opinion. Whatever. You are feeling a little lonely. There could be danger everywhere. You see an oasis in the distance. (R) If you want to leave the route, and check out the oasis. (L) To keep going forward to your destination.
4	12	7	You keep on going forward, which is a wise choice, considering the fact that it is easy to get lost in these parts of the world. Your brain is starting to melt, but you wont give up, because you are a tough lad. You see a digit2 kettes in the distance. (R) If you want to go for it, and take what's meant to be yours (L) To keep going forward because you know it is impossible to have a succesful exam grade.
5	6	12	The forest is calm. It is a little bit windy. Saying windy, i just realised that there is a windmill next to you. Oh and did I say earlier, that there's no pokemon eaters here? Hehe, i lied. Sorry (R) To go forward, because you dont want to waste your time (L) Check out the windmill.
6	12	7	Haha! I know you wouldn't fall into my trap. It was not a windmill, but a volcano. Haha. As you go forward you see Dr. Zsoka Zoltan on the road. He says: "Haha! That is a brillant story! You are so good that you don't need your parents. Just turn back and do whatever you want". (R) To actually do what he says (L) To go forward, only forward.
7	8	12	You are wise. I like it. You made it to the gates of Dhirim. The guard greets you, and opens the gate for you. (R) To get in the arena (L) To turn back to play something on your nintendo.
8	9	9	Your came across your first opponent of the arena. (R) / (L) to continue.
9	10	10	You came across your second opponent of the arena. (R) / (L) to continue.
10	11	11	You came across your third opponent of the arena. (R) / (L) to continue.
11	12	12	You did it! You did a pretty good job! Please say that the program is fine. I would be really happy.
12	12	12	Something went bad. It's not MY bad, it's YOUR bad. Haha.